http://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/NCURSES-Programming-HOWTO/

ncurses.h: Library for writing text based UI
1. Should begin with initscr() to init data structures.
2. newterm(terminal type, FILE* terminal output, FILE* terminal input) for multi-screened applications
3. endwin() before exiting each terminal

Useful ncurses fxns:
initscr() - Starts curses mode (MUST BE CALLED FIRST)
refresh() - Prints input onto terminal
clear()   - Clears screen
endwin()  - Ends curses mode
getch()   - Waits for user input
keypad()  - Enables the reading of function keys (e.g. f1, f2... etc). keypad(stdscr, TRUE) to enable for the regular screen.
raw()     - Disable line buffering (program will take input as it comes rather than with return)
move()    - Moves cursor to position
getmaxyx()- Gets number of rows and cols. getmaxyx(stdscr,row,col) where stdscr is the screen, row and col are ints to store these numbers in.
getyx()   - Gets y and x coordinates of the cursor. Format: getyx(Window* win, int y, int x)
getparyx()- Gets beginning coordinates of sub-window relative to main menu. Same format as getyx().
getbegyx()- Gets current window's beginning coordinates.
getmaxyx()- Gets current window's max coordinates.
scr_dump()- Dumps current screen contents to a specified file. Can be restored with scr_restore().
putwin()  - 

Output ncurses fxns:
addch()   - Print single character with attributes      
printw()  - Print formatted output similar to printf(). mvprintw() moves cursor before printing.
addstr()  - Print strings   

Input ncurses fxns:
getch()   - Get a character
scanw()   - Get formatted input
getstr()  - Get strings

Windows in ncurses:
Similar to files - WINDOW* my_win just like FILE* f. Check section 9 of website for example, explanation.
delwin()  - Deallocates window. Format: delwin(Window* win)
newwin()  - Creates window. Format: newwin(int height, int width, int starty, int startx)
box() 	  - To display window. Format: box(Window* win, char vert, char horiz) where vert and horiz are default characters for the dividing lines.
wrefresh()- Displays box. Similar to fflush(). Format: wrefresh(Window* win)
wborder() - Specifies borders. Format: wborder(Window* win, followed by 8 chars for borders)
COLS/LINES- COLS and LINES are initialized after initscr(). These are used for finding screen dimensions.
